```
all of the instruments and sample optimizations in this
pack were created with linear sample interpolation in
mind. they will likely sound good with higher quality
resampling methods but may lose some of the intended
crispiness. disabling interpolation may provide inter-
esting results with some sounds, but others (especially
the multisampled chipsounds, fm synths, and many pads)
will producce a lot of aliasing as the samples are gen-
erally as low fidelity - without extreme quality loss -
as possible.

some instruments in this pack contain a variety of arti-
culations and/or multisampling and as a result may not
be tuned to middle C.

instruments marked "(stereo)" will only be usable in
trackers/players that incorporate modplug's IT format
extensions. instruments marked "(mono)" are monoaural
versions of said instruments for older versions, and the
"_LEGACY" folder contains uncompressed mono ITIs for
much older versions of modplug and impulse tracker.

=========================================================

there is no real license attached to this pack.
preferably, just don't resell the sounds and point folks
back to where you got it if they ask so they can play
with all the available sounds as well. :)
```
